What are you doing, Miss Jiang?
Mind your own people
Also let me remind you
If you want to return to the position of the queen, you must keep your eyes open
Choose a good broker
What nonsense are you talking about?
Chen Tianhou, did you make a mistake?
Talking about status with a brother like you
Pick a trash
Trash, you opened your eyes to see clearly
Who is the trash?
I want to sell my body
Pay one for nothing
The scum who will only operate in the dark will go again
I'm afraid
Your wish is about to be sealed for me. Who do you say is not clean?
You know it's not clean.
Why is it one meter high across the platform?
Whether it's dirty or not doesn't matter in your heart, right?
When the masked singer reminded you
Only half of today's life
Why did the masked singer remind you?
It just looks cold and innocent on the surface
I don't know how hard I work in bed behind my back
You really want to stand up for such a trash, don't you?
During the game
I will invite Mengmai Song God to come and come back to perform
Make a comment on this competition
Explain the responsibility of this Peking Opera
Miss Chen, don't be impulsive.
The masked singer pays the music altar
Write a few songs for us at random
After this
The seat of the Heavenly King is made of iron
Can eat for a lifetime
A powerful figure like Mr. Chen
Hand and eye
Even a legend like the masked singer can be invited back
Do you want to think carefully?
All the planning for this competition
All by myself
Are you really willing to pay for this waste?
Have you eliminated depression?